---
layout: post
title: Week 5 CS 373
---

###### What did I do this past week?
I did not meal prep this past week, so I spent a lot of money on outside food. I discovered a love for K-Bop and a hatred for Don Teriyaki Chicken/K-Bop kimchi burps. I had two interviews, learned the first two pages of Kyle Landry's Can You Feel The Love Tonight on the piano, played a couple of Yugioh games with my deck I made several years ago, worked out, and accomplished absolutely nothing in terms of studying for my classes.

###### What's in my way?
The usual. School and interviews are constantly bombarding my life. I also gained several pounds recently, so I'm trying to figure out how to cut them off without sacrificing the amount of visits at Halal Bros. My sleep schedule has also been out of whack, with my average hours of sleep last week being around 5 hours. Hopefully I can get that number up to at least 6.5-7 hours.

###### What will I do next week?
There is an Algorithms test that I've been preparing for this weekend. The rest of my week will consist of having a reasonable school/life/sleep balance. I plan on studying early for the SWE test, seeing how I never seem to prepare for a test until the days right beforehand. I also hope to get started on the AI project with my partner and complete it as soon as possible.

###### What's my experience of the class?
I think I know more about the knick knacks of Python than I do with Java. As we continue to delve in Python code, I hope that we start to create programs utilizing all of the knowledge we've learned so far. I enjoyed Phase 1 of the SWE project and I hope that the next phase is just as rewarding to learn all of the new technologies.

###### Tip of the week
Use Glassdoor! Glassdoor is an app that gives an abundance of information about a company, its positions, its salaries, and its interview process. You can utilize this information to better prepare yourself for any interviews you might have with a company.
