---
layout: post
title: Week 10 CS 373
---

###### What did I do this past week?
Stressed out. This past week was supposed to be relaxing, but everything was the complete opposite of that. Because I had two important interviews, I spent a long time (until 6 am of the interview day) preparing for coding questions the day before. I also have an algorithms test on Monday so I spent the majority of the weekend studying for that. Aside from school, I got a new MacBook, and caught up with the Walking Dead (which has slowly begun to deteriorate as a TV show, sadly)!

###### What's in my way?
I have three projects to work on this week. I also have a final round interview on Tuesday as well as a decision to hear back from a company by Friday. I'm slightly frightened about the Algorithms test in a couple of hours and I'm worried that our group might be working all day Thurday on the IDB project.

###### What will I do next week?
Grind. The test will be taken, the interview will happen, the three projects will be completed, the internship offers/rejects will roll in. This next weekend my be a free weekend for me without having to worry about school so hopefully I do something fun then.

###### What's my experience of the class?
Regular expressions are interesting. I also liked how Friday was spent on the professors just looking over our project.

###### Tip of the week
Save your spending on items until Black Friday. One of the largest sales events is coming up and the savings you can get are insane during Black Friday. https://blackfriday.com/ is a website that uploads the ads for all of the stores that participate in the event. Use it to scavenge for deals.
