---
layout: post
title: Week 7 CS 373
---

###### What did I do this past week?
I studied a lot for the SWE midterm. I did not complete a lot of the readings before this week, so I spent a decent chunk reading the articles and chapters of the Extreme Programming book. Besides SWE, I attended a hackathon this weekend and learned a lot about connecting databases with a website, which should hopefully help me out when our team starts to work on Phase 2!

###### What's in my way?
I have an AI test on Tuesday, which I have not started studying for. Our phase 2 project has not been worked on yet. An AI project deadline looms in the distance (due next Tuesday). This blog post is due in 12 minutes because I woke up at 10pm today after sleeping for 12+ hours straight. I have a business ethics project that will take a lot of time on Wednesday to complete. I have an algorithms homework assignment due Wednesday. I have more job applications to complete. There is a lot of stuff I have to do within the next couple of days and I'm not ready yet to tackle everything.

###### What will I do next week?
I will be working on everything listed on "what's in my way".

###### What's my experience of the class?
After taking the test in SWE, I have a better understanding of what material I should cover before a test. Readings are crucial for over 30% of the MC portion of the test. I do hope that we're given more python programming execises to brush up on our hackerrank skills before any test, though. I am excited that the first test has been completed so that we can now move on to new concepts in class!

###### Tip of the week
DO NOT USE MYSQL FOR DATABASES (at least when working in a hackathon). No one in my team at the hackathon has ever worked with databases before, so I took on the challenge of using my Data Management skills to create a database that communicates with the front end. MYSQL has a GUI application that should allow users to see their databases get created, but for some reason no one could get that app working. Then, once I tried using the command line to instantiate the databases and tables, our server side Java code that attempted to get a connection with the databased did not work either. This frustrating process basically burned through over six hours of my time during the hackathon. An easier database technology to use is Heroku's Postgre. 
