---
layout: post
title: Week 2 CS 373
---

###### What did I do this past week?
I finally started back up my workout routine at Gregory gym (only upper body exercises, for now). I also successfully created meal prep food for this entire week, which is a plus in terms of time and money saving. In terms of organization life, our officer board hosted a successful first board game night for Texas Table Top on Friday and CSA events are in full swing. I also updated my resume and started the hunt for internships for the next summer.

###### What's in my way?
Schoolwork. After spending a summer working 9am-6pm and having no worries after that 6pm end time, I am having trouble understanding what "readings" are and how much time must be spent to "read". I am a procrastinator by nature, so hopefully I get a lot of coursework out of the way before I focus solely on career/interview prep. 

###### What will I do next week?
Besides finishing up my projects, readings and assignments, I plan on mainly focusing on interview prepping. I also plan on hanging out with friends as well as volunteering at a dog adoption center on Saturday.

###### What's my experience of the class?
This class is engaging. I, luckily, have still not been called on in class yet (although after Downing reads this I might have to change this statement in the next blog post). The quiz time limit and strict start time are a little intimidating because I sometimes arrive right when the quiz starts and my laptop would need to connect to the internet first. The Collatz project is an interesting and fun project to work on because there are so many "software engineering" tasks that must be completed as the workflow goes on.

###### Tip of the week
Starting on September 11 UT will be offering SURE Ride services, which allow students on campus to use Lyft to get home FOR FREE. This service is offered from 11pm to 4am every day, which is a great thing for UT students to have and use whenever needed!
