---
layout: post
title: Week 11 CS 373
---

###### What did I do this past week?
I finally have internship offers for next summer! Two companies sent me offer letters this week so I am pretty excited about that. I took my Algorithms test, worked most of the day Tuesday-Thursday getting our Phase 3 idb completed, submitted my AI project and worked on my business ethics project. Also, as an officer of Texas Table Top, I have been meeting up with some of my other board members to help grow and make the organization better. With this weekend being one of my first free weekends in Austin, I drove around with my girlfriend, ate great food and shopped at the Barton Creek mall.

###### What's in my way?
Now that I can stop worrying about interviews and projects being due the very next week, I need to start improving my knowledge in AI. I got a 30/100 on the only midterm and I decided not to drop the class. Hopefully by reviewing a lot of concepts this week I'll be able to understand the concepts taught since the midterm so that I can ace the final.

###### What will I do next week?
School. Our business ethics class has a semester long project that has its deadline starting to loom nearby, so I need to meet up with my team again to start executing and completing our tasks. I also need to start working out again.

###### What's my experience of the class?
Contrary to public belief, I find the SQL concepts we learn hard but rewarding. I find it interesting how there are several different ways to get information out from a database as well as some little nitty gritty details that can change a query all at once. I'm also excited that we are starting another topic in SWE. Also, WE ONLY HAVE ONE MORE PROJECT PHASE FOR THIS CLASS?!!

###### Tip of the week
If you want to purchase electronics on Black Friday, get everything from Kohls! Their ad has already come out, and most of the prices for electronics are the same as those in other retail stores. The benefit of purchasing the items at Kohls is that they are offering 15 dollars of Kohls cash for every 50 dollars spent. Kohls cash is just credit for the store that you can use the week after obtaining them. Therefore, if you purchased an Xbox 1 system for 200 dollars, you'll receive 60 dollars of kohls cash, basically resulting in you only purchasing the system for 140 instead.
