---
layout: post
title: Week 13 CS 373 Recap
---

The semester is ending. After 13+ weeks in this class, I can safely say that SWE is one of the most rewarding classes I have taken at UT. 

The basic class structure is consisted of a daily quiz and then a lecture where students are always participating with Downing. Every single class has a certain topic to learn with clear, concise explanations. I've rarely ever walked out of a class thinking "what did I even learn today?" The major topics that are taught are Python, SQL and refactoring.

There are daily readings that are beneficial for us to digest (which do also show up on tests and quizzes), but they do take up time to complete. Aside from readings, the only other homework in the class is the semester-long project. This project will take up at least ten hours every two weeks with everyone communicating in a team to learn about different technologies to construct a full-stack website. This website will utilize all of the different tools learned but not with a lot of the stuff that is taught in class.

This large-scaled project will make or break the experience of the class. We work in teams of five to complete a section of the website every week. Throughout this time, the team will develop communication skills, technical knowledge as well as real-world experience regarding working together on a product. 

Finally, the tests that are given are pretty straightforward. We answer questions regarding the readings, the topics covered in class as well as create code that we have learned the concepts of. The questions can definitely be more relevant with the general concepts learned rather than little nitpicky things that are briefly discussed. 

Overall, this class is an accurate assessment of how well you can adapt and learn about new technologies. The grading is very objective and is not unfair. I would recommend this class to everyone in CS to take as a class.
