---
layout: post
title: Week 4 CS 373
---

###### What did I do this past week?
I had an interview, participated in a coding competition, ate a lot of free food provided by companies, hung out with friends from my organizations, and watched a lot of Player Unknown Battlegrounds videos. I also managed to get some interview prep in as well as time to meal prep. As far as school goes, I worked on my Algorithms hw, AI project, and SWE planning/creating the website.

###### What's in my way?
Interviews. I have a couple more coming my way in the near future and I just want to get them all over with as soon as possible. My focus is constantly diverted due to the preparations needed to be completed before an interview. Schedules and timing conflicts are also large obstacles in the way. My SWE team members all have vastly different schedules so it's hard to get everyone in one location at the same time. 

###### What will I do next week?
Eat, sleep, rinse and repeat. I'll be finishing up the SWE phase 1 section within the next couple of days and complete all of my hw due this week. I also plan on hunting for Hackathons in the near future because I haven't gone to one in a long time and I enjoy them.

###### What's my experience of the class?
I enjoy the lectures. Downing does a great job at defining and displaying the intricacies of Python. I do, however, wish that more class time went into learning the technologies that would be used for creating our website rather than having two separate topics being covered through the classroom and outside.

###### Tip of the week
Invest in a decent portable charger! I started to notice a pattern of people flocking to me to borrow my imuto battery pack, which contains around 10 full charges for my iPhone. The battery packs can be used to change anything that requires a usb cable. You'll never have to worry about any device running out of battery if you carry one with you in your backpack. 
