---
layout: post
title: Week 8 CS 373
---

###### What did I do this past week?
I am 95% confident I failed my AI exam last Tuesday. Hopefully I can turn around from that blow and do well for the rest of the semester in that class. I tried out the new restaurant that replaced 3 Woks Down on Guad and Look Noodles for the first time since its reopening. I stress drank milk tea five times over the course of this week. I also worked with my business ethics project team and commnunity partner that we're helping out. In terms of relaxation, I watched a lot of NBA highlights and played a lot of board games on Thursday and Friday.

###### What's in my way?
Everything. There are so many things going on that I can't ever stop and enjoy the present time. The newest episode for the Walking Dead came out tonight, and I won't be able to watch it soon. I am already two episodes behind on This is Us (three came out this semester so far), and I have yet to watch a full NBA game. My workout schedule also kind of died this week. I have an interview on Thursday and an Amazon SDE test on Tuesday. I'm planning on starting/completing my AI project with my partner Monday night, working on the business ethics project Tuesday night and completing the SWE project during all of my available times. I also have a test Monday.

###### What will I do next week?
Three projects, interview, assessment, test. On Friday (which is when all of the school-heavy things are completed), I will be flying out to Las Vegas for a national board game tournament! This weekend will give me some relaxation as well as a lot of fun and competition.

###### What's my experience of the class?
I enjoyed the topics covered this week regarding queries and how to write them in Python. With regards to Phase 2 of IDB, I am stressed. I spent a large chunk of my weekend learning how to set up a Flask API server that can connect to a database. A large chunk of the time was spent on my misfortunes of having a Windows laptop that has dependency/path issues for everything. Our frontend portion of the project is still static with no React implemented, so hopefully our team can start to piece everything together soon. Also, I am already behind on the readings after midterm 1.

###### Tip of the week
If you have the time, form a team and participate in case competitions! Case compeitions are where a group of people create the best solution to a case study and present it to a panel of judges. I participated in one each school year and the problem statements are always challenging and relevant to society. These competitions are also a great way to learn about topics you would never even think about considering (and most offer cash prizes).
