---
layout: post
title: Week 6 CS 373
---

###### What did I do this past week?
This week was okay in terms of hecticness. I had a couple of interviews and a test this week, but homework was extremely light. I finalized travel information regarding a national board game tournament (Unrivaled) at Las Vegas at the end of this month and a hackathon hosted by JP Morgan (Code for Good) in Houston this weekend. I also was able to play board games with a couple of friends on Thursday from 8pm to 6am, which was awesome (and slightly regretful the next day). Over the weekend I went back to my hometown, College Station, and saw my family and friends. I also somehow found three days last week to work out at Greg!

###### What's in my way?
I slacked off after the career fair with regards to applying for internships. There are several companies on the top of my list that I haven't applied to so I'll get cracking on that. Besides the SWE test and projects looming in the near distance, I just need to appropriate my time correctly.

###### What will I do next week?
100% of the tasks I said that I would do next week last week were not completed. I plan on meeting up with my teammate in AI on Monday to start (and hopefully complete) our project due Tuesday. I will also be preparing for the SWE test as well as begin learning React for our second phase of the IDB project.

###### What's my experience of the class?
I enjoyed both the Atlassian tech talk on Monday and Kasra's React tutorial during class. Hopefully we get a lot more talks that occur throughout the semester. I also appreciate how we were given more time to work on our project for phase 2.

###### Tip of the week
Jogging is relaxing! That statement kind of doesn't make sense if you haven't ran in months, but starting up a running schedule really does help calm you down. The 3rd floor at Gregory gym contains a circular track 
as a large timer placed on the ceiling for people to note their time. After a 15+ minute job, you will complete the average quota of exercising for a day as well as feel accomplished for being a healthy person.
