---
layout: post
title: Week 12 CS 373
---

###### What did I do this past week?
A decent chunk of my week was dedicated to AI. I stopped attending the lectures in person simply because the professor has too much information jammed out at once in a three hour session. This resulted in several hours of me watching through the past couple of lectures and getting a better understanding of the concepts taught. I've also been working closely with my business ethics group on completing our semester long project as well as finishing up the AI project due before break. Outside of school, I was able to get a meal with CSA people, attend a couple of CSA events, recuirt some Junior Officers into TTT, play board games on Wednesday/Thursday/Friday for at least five hours, and catch up on the Walking Dead and NBA highlights.

###### What's in my way?
Two projects due right after turkey break as well as two presentations on the same week. I also just received a Google snapshot coding challenge to work on (despite my offer deadline being on Nov 29) so I have no idea what I'm going to do about that yet.

###### What will I do next week?
Work on school projects and enjoy Thanksgiving break! The last time I went home was back in September and my older sister and her husband are coming over as well so it'll be a great family reunion! I also plan on splurging on Black Friday. :)))

###### What's my experience of the class?
This past week had me not knowing a lot of concepts in Java again. Despite the lack of knowledge when coming into the lectures, I always walk out of the class feeling like I learned a little bit more than before (which definitely sometimes doesn't happen in other classes). I also enjoyed the guest speakers for the CS ethics presentation. The concepts were similar to the ones I have learned in my current business ethics class.

###### Tip of the week
I want to give a shout out to Joshua Cristol for showing me iTerm2, which essentially another terminal BUT WITH A HOTKEY SHORTCUT. If I wanted to open up iTerm2, I can just hit the command button (which is what I configured the hotkey to) twice and the terminal will open up. This feels a lot more smooth and natural than clicking open terminal or doing some other random key bindings to access and open up the minimized terminal window.
