---
layout: post
title: Week 3 CS 373
---

###### What did I do this past week?
I stressed myself out. You would think that the normal CS student would realize that they should have their resumes and job searching ready and prepared by the week before career fair, but I did not abide by those standards. During the first half of the week, I spent a lot of time fixing up my resume and looking at company positions that were open. I also had two tiny coding mistakes in my Collatz solution, which took me around six hours to debug and find. After the career fair, I was able to calm down a little. I had a BBQ potluck with some friends, played board games, went to a CSA pool party, and meal prepped some. I am sick with the flu, though.

###### What's in my way?
Interview prep. This weekend was a lot more relaxing than last weekend, given that I do not have any projects due this week. I did start/plan on continuing on more interview prepping with coding questions. The last time I worked on interview prep was last Fall.

###### What will I do next week?
Interview prep and readings. I am very behind on readings for several of my classes and having coding questions to work on doesn't alleviate the solution.

###### What's my experience of the class?
I realized that there are a lot of Java concepts that I am not comfortable with. I like how Downing relates Python with Java to highlight the similarities and differences between the two languages. I did not enjoy the workflow of Collatz. There were a number of typos inside of the project makefiles and such, which required the students to locate and fix them.

###### Tip of the week
Amazon Prime Now is a service offered that allows users to purchase items and have them delivered at their doorstep within two hours. This feature is only available for Prime members. If you need groceries or some items within the current day, then you can quickly obtain a 30-day free trial for Prime and take advantage of the Prime Now services.
