---
layout: post
title: Week 9 CS 373
---

###### What did I do this past week?
This past week was very busy/hectic. I had three projects due among the weekdays, went to a preinterview dinner, took an assessment (which I was beating myself over after because I couldn't pass all of the test cases in one problem), had an interview, and tried out Julie's Noodles on Research Blvd. Unfortunately I couldn't go to HackTX and instead went to Vegas (while under 21) and participated in a board game tournament. The experience left a sour taste in my mouth as the dice gods are never in my favor and allowed people making the negative expected value decisions to win and advance in the tournament. Besides that, I was able to walk/tour the Vegas strip as well as try out cool food places.

###### What's in my way?
This next week is rather dull compared to last week. I have two interviews on Thursday with some important companies, and I am hoping for a specific internship decision to happen this week. Next week will be hard because I'll have my algorithms test and two different CS projects due then.

###### What will I do next week?
I plan on studying a lot of coding questions in preparation for my interviews as well as getting ahead with my projects, hw and studying. Next weekend I will probably attend CodeRED, a hackathon in Houston, so my time will be limited yet again.

###### What's my experience of the class?
I definitely have fun learning about SQL queries and databases in class. I feel like it is more fun than learning about the nitty gritty parts of Python. Hopefully phase three of the IDB project will not be as intensive as phase two, because our group struggled to piece everything together as the time began to run out.

###### Tip of the week
Overdress for interviews unless told otherwise. It is common knowledge among the CS students that you can easily get away with wearing a button-down and khaki jeans with nice looking shoes for a tech interview. Although most companies are okay with this, there is no harm with overdressing. This also includes keeping a business formal set of clothing laying in your closet somewhere. If you do not have business formal clothing, find people that do and have the same body size as you. You never know when you'll have to ask someone to borrow clothing.
