---
layout: post
title: Week 5 CS 371p
---

###### What did I do this past week?
This past week in CS371p, we learned about our new project, Voting. We also talked about the different types and complexities of iterators defined in C++ and wrote functions that utilized them. Outside of class, I spent a lot of time hanging out with friends. I am heavily involved in Chinese Student Association and Texas Table Top, so it was great to bond with both the officer board in TTT and my family in CSA. I also went to Six Flags Fiesta Texas over the weekend (Six Flags Over Texas is better) and and an open play event for the board game: A Song of Ice and Fire. 

###### What's in my way?
I caught the cold a couple of days ago. Waking up with a stuffed nose and a sore throat is a horrible feeling that also stifles productivity. I am starting to get several assignments pile up in my government class and readings that I have to finish for my behavioral ethics class, so I need to get on top of that. I also have not started project 2 for OOP.

###### What will I do next week?
Now that I'm starting to get tasks that I need to complete, I plan on spending this week working on a lot of classwork. I hope to finish project 2 this week and get ahead in my government class. I also plan on attending the second longhorn run event on Wednesday (free Nike backpacks for the first 40 that check-in to the event!) and going to an escape room over the weekend.

###### What was your experience in learning about iterators being the generalization of pointers? (this question will vary, week to week)
Java iterators was ironically the final round interview question topic that landed me an internship last summer. Learning about iterators in a C++ way was definitely interesting and more in depth than I have ever learned with java iterators. I enjoyed learning about how different versions of iterators are used for different types of data structures and problems and how they are closely related to pointers.  

###### Tip of the week
Download Chwazi! Chwazi is a tool that is a random person selector for anything that requires assigning groups or selecting a smaller group of people. It is an easy way to "draw straws" or break a group of people into groups of two or more. It is great for board games to determine who goes first or for projects to determine who works with who. Although a random number generator can achieve the same goal, Chwazi is more fun and interactive.
