---
layout: post
title: Week 10 CS 371p
---
###### What did I do this past week?
This past week in CS371p, we listened to Dr. Elaine Rich and Dr. Alan Cline give two lectures on ethics in software engineering. I also started on project 4 with my partner and we are close to completing it. Outside of class, I finally recovered from my sickness from spring break and began working out again. I also watched Us (great movie) and Pet Sematary (horrible movie) at the theaters.

###### What's in my way?
I am currently taking an online government class at a community college, and I've accidentally missed several assignments. I need to get on top of that class.

###### What will I do next week?
I plan on finishing up project 4 within the first half of the week. Outside of class, I will be running the 5k track that the Longhorn Run will have around UT campus in preparation for the race day this Saturday. I also plan on attending DataHacks on Saturday, a UT sponsored hackathon focused on data science. I currently drive for Lyft and want to get the purple amp that all drivers receive once they reach 250 rides. I currently have done 144 rides and plan on getting closer to that goal.

######What did you think of the talk by Dr. Rich and Dr. Cline? (this question will vary, week to week)
I enjoyed the two lectures. I really liked how Rich and Cline took turns speaking and adding humor into the lecture. I also liked they incorporated real life examples and situations that we can end up having in the future regarding an ethical dilemma.

###### Tip of the week
Invest in a key tray! If you have ever misplaced your earphones, your keys, your wallet, your glasses, your watch, or anything that you always bring with you whenever you leave your apartment/house, then you need a key tray. These trays can be conveniently placed at the entrance of your room or your apartment/house and you'll always put your essentials there once coming in, and take them with you when going out. This is the key tray I currently use (https://www.amazon.com/YAPISHI-Leather-Catchall-Jewelry-Bedside/dp/B076D7T6FZ/ref=sr_1_8?keywords=key+tray&qid=1554681211&s=gateway&sr=8-8) and I'm proud to say that I haven't misplaced my keys/wallet since having one.
