---
layout: post
title: Week 1 CS 371p
---

###### What did I do this past week?

This past week, I got accustomed back into the school schedule. In CS371p, we went through the syllabus and got a taste of professor Downing's style of teaching. We learned about Docker and how to set it up, as well as learn about unit testing and assertions in C++ and Java. Lastly, we learned about the Collatz Conjecture and didn't really get any further information about *why* we learned about it. Maybe we will know more about it next week? Aside from 371p, I got to celebrate a friend's birthday, attend the first game night hosted by Texas Table Top, and see a lot of friends throughout the week.

###### What's in my way?

Coming into the last semester at UT, I have most of my degree plan done with only a couple classes standing between me and graduation. OOP will be my toughest class given that I have no experience in C++ and haven't used C since Operating Systems two years ago. I also really want to take Contemporary Issues in Computer Science, a class offered at UT. I will be waking up early on Monday in order to complete the Late Add process UT offers and attempt to get into the class.

###### What will I do next week?

I will get a head start in learning about C++ by going through online tutorials and coding in the language. I will also get ahead on the readings for all of my classes. The beginning of the semester is always the least stressful, so I hope to complete as many tasks as possible before the workload starts piling up.

###### What are my expectations of the class?

I have taken Downing's Software Engineering course two years ago, so I have an understanding of his teaching style and what he expects from us. I know that the class will be tough with constant quizzes, projects, and readings. However, I know that Downing does a great job at teaching the material and that I will learn a lot in this class. I am excited to improve my understanding of Object Oriented Programming and learn about C++.

###### Tip of the week

If you haven't already, download Sleep Cycle on your mobile device! Sleep Cycle is an alarm clock that tracks your sleep patterns and wakes you up during stages of light sleep. Without the app, people usually set an alarm time and wake up abruptly during deep or REM sleep which can deteriorate your mood throughout the day. 
