---
layout: post
title: Week 2 CS 371p
---

###### What did I do this past week?
This past week in CS371p, we learned about operator overloading, r/l-values, functions communicating to one another, and exception handling. On Friday, we learned about the basic specifications of our first programming project. Outside of the class, I recorded my fastest mile time of 6:13, played blackjack with friends, attended club meetings and played paintball. 

###### What's in my way?
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to start on any C++ online tutorials this past week. We walked through a lot of different C++ files in class so I am starting to get a hang of the syntax. Nothing extreme is in my way in completing the assignments I currently have.

###### What will I do next week?
This first project is the same project that we had to do in SWE but in Python instead of in C++. With this in mind, I have a feeling that Downing will talk about efficient ways to store Collatz values soon. After said lecture, I will start working on project one and hopefully complete the project this week. I also plan on going to the Happy Death Day 2U movie screening Wednesday and intently watching the NBA trade tracker website to see where Anthony Davis will be traded off to.

###### What's your experience of the in-class exercises?
Working through the isPrime exercise on HackerRank was a great way for students to get a hang of how project one and the future tests will be structured like. We were able to run the given tests as well as debug failed tests. I also enjoy the quiz questions, which are essentially extra in-class exercises to help us understand the course material. I have not been called on in class this past week, so I am expecting to be cold called on very soon.

###### Tip of the week
If you own a Mac, download and install Spectacle! Windows has a nifty function where you can drag a screen to an edge to make it fill up either half of the screen or the whole screen. Mac users don't get this amazing effect, but there are apps that help complete this process! By binding keys, you are able to move and resize windows so that you can multitask effectively. Link: https://www.spectacleapp.com/
