---
layout: post
title: Week 13 CS 371p
---
###### What did I do this past week?
This past week in CS371p, I worked with my partner on project 5. We completed the ConwayCell and FredkinCell HackerRanks and wrote out most of the Cell class. We ran into some implementation problems with the inheritance between creating different AbstractCells and having the Cell variable point to the AbstractCell. In class, we learned about inheritance by creating a shape and circle class and worked on in class HackerRank exercises. Outside of class, I attended officer elections for Chinese Student Association, got my senior photos taken, and participated in the annual Dragonboat festival race. We got 3rd place in the C division (which consisted of four orgs, but hey we placed)!

###### What's in my way?
I've been really busy hanging out with friends, working on projects, and doing activities which causes me to be outside of my apartment. There hasn't been one day where I slept longer than seven hours and I did not work out my upper body the entire week. Next week will also be hectic with all of my projects and tests coming up, so hopefully I don't tire myself out.

###### What will I do next week?
Next week I will finish up project 5 with my partner. I also have a group presentation for my semester long project this week so I will prepare for that as well. Outside of class, I will be going to San Antonio on Saturday to attend a Polyphia concert, run a 5k for Sunshine Run Sunday morning, and attend Darci Lynne's concert on Sunday at Bass Concert Hall.

###### What was your experience in learning about inheritance? (this question will vary, week to week)
Learning about inheritance in C++ gives me a better understanding of the differences between how classes work in different languages. Learning about the different types of casts and the virtual methods really helped my partner and I get a better understanding of what to do in project 5.

###### Tip of the week
Facebook messenger finally has a dark mode! Find the moon crescent emoji, send it to anyone on messenger, and then tap on the emoji twice. The setting for dark mode will pop up.
