---
layout: post
title: The Ethical Software Engineer CS 371p
---

###### What should you do?
There are two paths that I can take when determining what the best course of action should be: side with the president and find the alleged saboteur or protect the anonymity of the alleged saboteur and not examine the computer usage records. There are pros and cons for both actions. The pros for finding out the employee sabotaging the company include an immediate end to the faulty products being shipped, the prevention of people using the product from being hurt and angered, The cons, however, include an increased distrust between the employees and the president/company, a direct violation of the agreement that the survey conducted is completely anonymous (which treats the disgruntled worker as a means to an end), and me the system administrator losing my job for not creating an actual anonymous survey system. The president may also lose his job due to his lie of protecting his employees with anonymity. The pros for protecting the employee include honoring the president's and survey's word that feedback is anonymous, increasing the trust among the company as a whole, and honoring the golden rule in which if I were to fill out an anonymous survey, I would hope that no one would trace back a response to me. The cons, however, include the shipment of faulty products, knowledge that an employee with bad intentions is currently in the company, and myself as the worker who has to make the ethical decision of disobeying the higher authority for a single employee.

###### You might want to make a declaration of a single course of action. If so, defend it. Why do you believe this is the only ethical response?
As a system administrator, my initial gut reaction when the president of the company asks me to examine the computer usage records to identify the alleged saboteur would be to quickly identify the alleged saboteur. Despite the statement of the survey program being completely anonymous, I do not believe having one out of every ten products be defective is a problem that the company can simply just ignore. This response corresponds with the utilitarianism ethical framework because revealing the alleged saboteur will prevent more faulty units from being shipped out by the company, which then reduces the amount of complaints and ultimately increases revenue and reputation of the company. This total utility of the act outweighs the bad, which is the anonymity of the alleged saboteur. 

###### You might believe that more information is required. What additional factors might influence how to respond ethically to this problem? 
There are many factors that can change how I would respond ethically to this problem. A solution that removes figuring out the employee is creating a quality assurance team to quality check every product before shipment to identify the faulty products. This will eliminate the possibility of losing customers in the company. The issue with this solution is that the one product that is faulty might have a lot of production costs factored into it which will make the revenue decrease drastically. Other solutions include making improvements into employee quality of life and sending out public announcements to increase the morale of the workers, but these solutions still do not target the initial problem of having an employee that broke the company policy. The employee should still be caught and punished for his actions. However, these solutions are all simple fixes in a perfect environment scenario. If there isn't enough money or personnel to implement these changes, then I would still resort to my course of action and figure out who the employee is.
