---
layout: post
title: Week 14 CS 371p
---

###### What did I do this past week?
This past week in CS371p, I finished up project 5 with our partner. We are finally done with the course projects! In class, we went in more depth about all of the different ways a virtual function can be defined within the C++ language. Outside of class I did a myriad of things. I went on a road trip to San Antonio for a concert, ran a 5k, attended a company happy hour for fun, and watched a winner of America's Got Talent perform at Bass Concert Hall. I also finally watched Infinity War and can now appreciate the "Mr. Stark I don't feel so good" memes because I somehow dodged all of the spoilers.

###### What's in my way?
The only obstacles in my way between being an undergraduate student and being a graduated student are my two exams this upcoming week. I completed my final for my online government class last week so it's one less class to worry about in the upcoming week.

###### What will I do next week?
Next week I plan on going through all of the notes and HackerRanks for the second half of the course in preparation for the OOP exam. I will also go over all of the lecture material for my other class and hopefully do well enough on both exams to not screw up my letter grade for the courses. Outside of class, I plan on studying for my other exam and also attend my formals banquet for Chinese Student Association. I will also be driving to Houston to drop a friend off home and go to College Station to visit my family and go to my eye appointment.

###### What was your experience in learning about pure virtual functions? (this question will vary, week to week)
Learning about the pure virtual functions gave me a better understanding of how inheritance works in C++. I didn't enjoy how there were so many intricacies involved with the three types of ways a virtual function can be defined, but I understand the necessity of fixing hierarchical errors at compile time.

###### Tip of the week
Install iTerm2! iTerm is essentially the mac terminal but with hotkey shortcuts in opening the window. If I wanted to open up iTerm2, I can just hit the command button (which is what I configured the hotkey to) twice and the terminal will open up. This feels a lot more smooth and natural than clicking or typing "terminal" or having some other random key bindings to access and open up the minimized terminal window.
