---
layout: post
title: Week 12 CS 371p
---
###### What did I do this past week?
This past week in CS371p, I completed project 4 with my partner. In class, we continued building out the vector class we started last week and learned about implementing the vector using the C++ allocator. We also learned about the final project for this class. Outside of class, I spent a lot of time playing Gaia Project and preparing for the board game tournament this Saturday. I ended up getting 2nd place overall in the tournament! 

###### What's in my way?
The ending of the semester is finally here, and tests/projects are going to pile up all at once. Besides finishing the semester strong, figuring out how to get senior pics completed and buying my cap/gown, I don't really have anything in my way.

###### What will I do next week?
I plan on meeting with my partner and begin working on project 5 on Tuesday. Hopefully we can get the design decisions completed and most of our code finished during that day. Outside of class, I plan on watching Avengers Infinity War to prepare for End Game. I am also participating in the annual Dragonboat tournament on Saturday, so hopefully we do well.  

######What was your experience of Project #4: Darwin? (this question will vary, week to week)
I enjoyed the project. The base case is really easy to complete by using getters and setters in the darwin/creature/species classes, but the conditions in the project prevent us from utilizing them. This allows us to emphasis design and planning before writing code, which I liked. 

###### Tip of the week
If you don't like to cook/you need someplace to grab food for lunch on the weekdays, try out Mealpal! Mealpal is a subscription based service where you can reserve a meal for the next day's lunch at a restaurant in Austin. There are several restaurants on Guad where you can redeem these meals (Kbop, Don, Torchy's, Chipotle, Qdoba, Pinch, Coco's, Pokebay). The pricing is around 5 dollars a meal and usually the meals purchased at the restaurant would be 10-13 dollars.
