---
layout: post
title: Week 11 CS 371p
---
###### What did I do this past week?
This past week in CS371p, we learned about initializer_lists and created the vector class from scratch. I also worked with my partner on project 4 and we are passing the HackerRank tests. Outside of class, I ran a 5k everyday with a couple of friends in preparation for the Longhorn Run. We also attended the NikeGo truck in an attempt to win the limited edition Longhorn Nike shoes (and we each won a pair!!).

###### What's in my way?
I have gotten a solid average of five hours of sleep a day last week because I have been waking up daily at 6:30 AM to run a 5k. I fell asleep for most of Sunday and have four essays to write for a test in Government due tomorrow. Hopefully I get more sleep this next week.

###### What will I do next week?
I plan on meeting with my partner and completing project 4 on Tuesday (creating the UML and writing acceptance tests). Outside of class, I plan on attending a Quinn XCII concert on Wednesday and participating in a Gaia project board game tournament on Saturday. I am also going to go to Rainey street in the weekend for a birthday party, and it will be my first time!

######What was your experience in learning about initializer_lists and vectors? (this question will vary, week to week)
We ingested a lot of content this week. Initializer lists in my mind are still a little fuzzy as to why exactly we have them in general (I guess it's to allow for bracket initialization?) but I understand the general concept. Creating the vector class was weird for me because we started to finally use the keywords "new" and "delete" for creating variables. We definitely needed more time last week to write out the class and understand each of the methods.

###### Tip of the week
If you want to learn how to work with databases and integrate some backend code for querying, try out SQLite! SQLite is a SQL database that essentially has the entire database contents stored inside of a single file. The serverless design of having the database in a file allows for less configurations but providing the same functionality of an SQL database. It is also really easy to connect from your backend code the database.
