---
layout: post
title: Week 6 CS 371p
---

###### What did I do this past week?
This past week in CS371p, I worked with my partner on Project 2. We spent a good amount of time messing up our simplest solution but finished the optimized solution shortly after getting our basic solution working. It was a fun experience seeing how my partner and I had different ideas and approaches to the same problem. We spent most of the week writing the RangeIterator class, which taught us a myriad of intricacies that C++ has. Outside of class I spent time playing IM basketball, attending Gaming Goat's Heavy Board Game Night, and learning how to play Millennium Blades (a trading card game board game, so if you're into magic/pokemon/yugioh, check this out!). I also went to IKEA for the first time this weekend and got a Nintendo switch.

###### What's in my way?
I have exams on every class I'm in over the next two weeks. I have to start reviewing all of my notes for my classes to prepare. This past week was the first time I went to class, took the daily quiz, and got a 1/5 on the quiz. I need to start upping my quiz grades.

###### What will I do next week?
Next week I will plan on finishing writing unit tests and submitting the project. I will also prepare for my tests coming up. I also plan on playing some Mario Odyssey and learning how to get good at Smash on the switch :).

###### What was your experience of learning the subtleties of C++ arguments, friends, and returns?
I enjoyed Downing's structure of the lectures this past week. We learned about the differences between structs and classes, then about the different ways to call the constructors, then argument passing to create object instances, and then differences between methods and functions with C++ friendships. Everything was clear, but the class wasn't able to get hands on experience with creating said class. We will definitely need some time outside of class to practice these subtleties.

###### Tip of the week
Look into credit cards that you can be reaping the benefits with right now! There are so many different credit card options out there so it may be daunting to pick one. I recommend looking into Uber's (https://www.uber.com/c/uber-credit-card/) credit card and Amazon's Prime credit card (https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-Prime-Rewards-Visa-Signature/dp/BT00LN946S). Both of these cards have no annual fee and offer much more cashback than other credit cards have on types of purchases that you might do often!
