---
layout: post
title: Week 4 CS 371p
---

###### What did I do this past week?
This past week in CS371p, we learned about const ints, const pointers, C++ arrays and generic type casting in method arguments. We also spent some time revisiting Java classes and how constructors worked. I spent the first half of the week finishing up Collatz. I was able to get a hang of all of the different tools used for project 1. Outside of the class, I attended Longhorn Run's first training session, attended my first concert/rave, went to Main Event for the first time and watched the NBA All Star game.

###### What's in my way?
My projects and assignments for all of my classes were due this past week, so I am currently in cruising mode. I expect the workload to pick up again this week, so I have to keep staying on my toes.

###### What will I do next week?
With this lull in classwork, I want to begin reviewing everything we have learned in OOP. I haven't spent any time yet sitting down and going through each of the class notes to see if I have retained the information. Now is a great time to go over past concepts. Outside of class, I plan on listening to a lot of Polyphia's music (they're an instrumental rock band with a really unique sound, I would recommend that you check them out!), and going to three separate board gaming sessions in the weekday. I am also excited for my club's officer retreat to Six Flags Fiesta Texas in the weekend!

###### What was your experience of Project #1 (the problem, the overkill requirements of submission, etc.)? (this question will vary, week to week)
The problem given in project 1 was simple enough to complete in one go. The optimization part of the project was definitely a harder task, but Downing's lectures regarding optimization tactics for the problem were really helpful. The overkill requirements of the submissions were indeed overkill, but rewarding. I am sure that we will be using all of the different tools in project 1 on all of the other projects, so I'm glad we were able to utilize them on a project that wasn't so heavy.

###### Tip of the week
Use the Facebook events page! On the left side of your news feed, there is an "Events" button under the explore category. You can then filter events based on location, time, type of event (food, games, comedy, film), and how popular it is based on friends interested/going. There are a lot of hidden gems around Austin that can be found by using Facebook events.
