---
layout: post
title: Blog 1 CS 349
---

Deontology, or duty based ethics, is the theory that the morality of an action should be based on the rightness of the action rather than the consequences of the action. This system of ethics differs from virtue ethics and consequentialist systems. Virtue ethics assesses what kind of person they are and should be while deontology assesses what a person ought to do (Larry and Moore). Consequentialists assesses the effects of a person’s action while deontology assesses the means.

Deontology is grounded in the categorical imperative, developed by the German philosopher Immanuel Kant. Categorical imperatives are commands that a person must follow, regardless of their desires. It doesn’t matter whether a person wants to be moral or not because the moral law is binding on everyone. 

Kant developed formulations of the categorical imperative. The first main formulation is the universalizability principle, which states that a person should “act only according to that maxim which you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law without contradiction” (Fieser). This means that the particular action must be allowed for everyone to conduct. The second main formulation is the formula of humanity, which states that a person should act in a way that the treatment of humanity is always as an end and never as a mere means. This means that treating humans as an object to accomplish personal goals is a violation of duty based ethics because humans are their own ends and the humanity of them should be recognized.

There are situations in which duty based ethics works and doesn’t work. An example of a good situation is when a person finds a wallet full of cash and returning the wallet to the owner without stealing any of the cash. This allows the owner of the wallet to not have any harm done to him and help strengthen the universal law to not steal. There are problems that arise when there are two conflicting laws. For example, if a murderer came to the house and demanded for a loved one, a person practicing deontology would have to choose between not telling a lie and protecting their friends. This causes the system to break down due to conflicts of duty.

###### Works Cited
Fieser, James. “The Categorical Imperative.” The University of Tennessee at Martin, 1 Oct. 2017, [www.utm.edu/staff/jfieser/class/300/categorical.htm](www.utm.edu/staff/jfieser/class/300/categorical.htm).

Alexander, Larry, and Michael Moore. “Deontological Ethics.” Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy, Stanford University, 21 Nov. 2007, [plato.stanford.edu/entries/ethics-deontological/](plato.stanford.edu/entries/ethics-deontological/).
 
