---
layout: post
title: Week 3 CS 371p
---

###### What did I do this past week?
This past week in CS371p, we learned about optimizations that can be used in Collatz (such as caches), delved deeper into try and catching by reference and learned about */& type and variable annotations. I was also called in class for the first time. I worked on project 1 and finished everything in the workflow up to passing the first hackerrank test case. Outside of the class, I watched Happy Death Day 2U at Alamo Drafthouse, celebrated lunar new year with friends, visited the new Teapioca place at Lakeline and tried out an augmented reality demo (https://hadotx.com/).

###### What's in my way?
A lot of readings are in my way. I have been slacking on the readings for both of my CS classes and have to start picking times throughout the day to read a couple pages. Besides that, everything seems to be relatively under control.

###### What will I do next week?
I plan on completing project 1 by Tuesday in order to not have any unforeseen issues come up last minute. Outside of class, I will be going to Gaming Goat on Monday to participate in their "Heavy Board Game Night," which is where board gamers gather to teach and play more time commitment games. I also look forward to attending my first ever music concert in Austin (Alan Walker) on Friday.

###### What was your experience of learning the basics of C++?
After working with the base code of project 1, I was able to understand how the code functions together. Downing's lectures over all of the different pieces of code also serves to be extremely helpful! I definitely need more hands on exercises with concepts we learn in class to feel more confident in my abilities.

###### Tip of the week
Utilize YouTube's dark theme mode! If you are not signed in, click on the top right three circle icon in YouTube, and change Dark theme's Off to On. Otherwise, click on your account picture bubble on the top right and change the theme from Off to On. YouTube's dark theme mode in my opinion is easy on the eyes and also has better contrast with the text and background colors. Once you switch, you won't go back.
