---
layout: post
title: Week 7 CS 371p
---

###### What did I do this past week?
This past week in CS371p, I finished up Project 2 with my partner. In class, we learned about the different backing containers that C++ supports (vector, list, deque). We went over the time complexities of each action for the data structures and implemented a stack using the containers. Outside of class I learned how to play Terra Mystica and Mahjong, discovered BoardGameArena (an website that lets you play board games online), learned how to make egg tarts and watched Captain Marvel.

###### What's in my way?
I have three exams this week. I've spent time preparing for each exam so far, but I'm far from being prepared for all of them. This will also be my first rounds of exams for this semester, so I am technically pretty rusty on test taking.

###### What will I do next week?
Next week I plan on studying for my exams. I haven't touched any of the hackerrank exercises we've worked on in class, so I will spend a decent chunk of my time completing each exercise. I also need to read a book for one of my other classes in preparation for that exam.

###### What was your experience of Project #2: Voting? (this question will vary, week to week)
I personally enjoyed Project 2. The problem statement was relevant and a good question to logically reason through on how to implement. None of the overhead setup was too difficult because of already doing the heavy overhead work in Project 1. The biggest problem my partner and I dealt with was using acceptance tests instead of unit tests when checking our correctness. We should have written unit tests for each method created instead of creating the unit tests after creating multiple methods.

###### Tip of the week
A great way to prepare for the OOP exam is to look at the Test #1 note Downing posted Sunday evening. Spending time utilizing every C++ method/token/keyword listed in a text editor will be very useful in getting a hang of coding in C++. The majority of the problems we will encounter during the OOP exam is with compiler errors, and this can be easily mitigated by practicing coding in C++.
