---
layout: post
title: Week 9 CS 371p
---
###### What did I do this past week?
This past week in CS371p, I worked on project 3 with my partner. In class, we learned about the requirements for both project 3 and our upcoming project 4. Outside of class I spend 14 hours driving for Lyft as a Lyft driver, attended dragonboat practice, and spent time watching Marvel movies.

###### What's in my way?
I had a fever throughout the entire spring break and developed a bad cough. Today, my left side of my stomach area began to ache and It hurt to move my body at all. Hopefully the pain goes away soon and I won't have to worry about it. I also have to start looking into applying for apartments in Houston for the summer at around this time.

###### What will I do next week?
I plan on working with my partner to begin project 4 and get as much done as possible. I also plan on watching more marvel movies in order to catch up to Avengers: End Game.

###### What was your experience of Project #3: Allocator? (this question will vary, week to week)
I absolutely did not like the way this project was introduced. The project was made available to us the day of Test 1 for OOP, and no information about the project was given until the week that the project was due. I disagreed with Downing's statement that assigning the project with essentially only four days to work on it with a partner is analogous to real life work. In terms of the project itself, I think working on allocating heap space is relevant to concepts we are learning about in class. This project was tougher than the other ones because there were more ways to accidentally mess up.

###### Tip of the week
Look into the TechLead's channel (https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4xKdmAXFh4ACyhpiQ_3qBw). The TechLead posts a video a week related to his life as a software engineer. He makes a lot of sarcastic content that is relevant and has tidbits of knowledge that all of us should know before embarking into the real world as developers.
