---
layout: post
title: Week 8 CS 371p
---

###### What did I do this past week?
This past week in CS371p, I studied and took Test #1. We spend time over the week reviewing accumulate, transform, and creating unary function operators in classes. Outside of class I celebrated pi day with some pizza and road tripped with friends to San Antonio.

###### What's in my way?
Project 3 is due shortly after classes start again,  project group work for one of my classes has to be completed this week and a 1500 word essay is due on Tuesday.

###### What will I do next week?
I plan on driving back to College Station to see my family right after finishing this blog post. I'll meet up with my friends and relax. I'll come back to Austin in the later half of the week to work on school projects and have a farewell party for one of my good friends.

###### What was your experience of Test #1 (the problems, the time, HackerRank, do not reveal details of the questions, there are still make-ups to be done)?
I did well in Test 1. I spent a lot of time making dumb careless errors, but completed the problems within the allotted time. All of the problems were within the scope of what we learned in class and went into a more complex logical problem. I thought the test was great on HackerRank due to the ability to run the test cases created and an online interface able to save and submit C++ code. I do believe that there were a lot of problems to finish within the time limit given.

###### Tip of the week
Get The Mind (https://www.amazon.com/Pandasaurus-Games-201809PAN-Mind-Card/dp/B07C4F3KLF/ref=sr_1_2?keywords=the+mind&qid=1552884555&s=gateway&sr=8-2)! This card game is a cooperative game where everyone is trying to play their numerical cards from least to greatest. No one is allowed to communicate and no signals are allowed. I've taught this game to four unique groups of people and each group loved the game. The game is easy to pick up and provides a lot of fun and challenge for people that don't necessarily like board games. This game was also nominated for the Spiel des Jahres "Board Game of Year" award, so you know it's a good game!
